halo humans my name is garganta and my
dentist is so in love with my teeth he
made them a monument goggie in doing
this show is called cute win fail to
point Oh boom Lou we're three videos
from different cavity fighting
categories compete against each other
and gingivitis for the title of most
wait for it now you know what epic last
month you saw some clips among them were
hungry deer putting up with petting cute
Timoth kitty getting busted fail and a
man defying the laws of treadmill win
your votes have been examined with a
dental pro been given a mouthwash at the
most epic video of last month is some
men defying the laws of treadmill win
other two clips we're gonna have to
remove you like a bad tooth with the
help of high explosives and now three
new videos enter the competition load up
the first one
looks like a bad case of puppetry and a
cat is really not into it just look at
how that is oh man do we have to do this
again the music is getting faster but
the cat just couldn't care less he's a
shell of a fuel and it's like his dream
has been crushed I always wanted to be a
model for cat food commercials and now
I'm stuck in this puppet theater it
sucks I feel for the cats the only thing
getting him through this is the promise
of wet whiskas for dinner but it does
look at her elbow that's why it's acute
a flaccid cat putting up with dubstep
puppeteering cute c-ute cubed load up
the next one knock knock knock knock
knock knock knock I can't come on open
the door maybe it just wants to tell a
knock-knock joke don't leave him hanging
what you don't know is that it can't
control that movement he has Tourette's
but instead of being brought down by his
condition uses it to tell knock-knock
jokes and makes everybody laugh he is a
cup half full kind of kitty and that's
why I said it's a win they let him in
and knock knock who's there kitty win
every I ain't win load up the last one
what this one is also a cat whose lack
of these know it was me it's true what
they say money corrupts this kitten used
to be adorable and cuddly and now he's
ready to kill anyone who comes near his
money his phone his he probably stole it
now he can't see not only money corrupts
but it also makes you go blanche to
other things in life like Fran's family
cat food this kitten is like a
cautionary tale against greed that's it
he's gone to deposit it unless he's
trying to get his owners to invest come
on guys xbox one is doing really well
it's gonna get huge let's buy now he
stole it that's why it's a fail agreed
the kitty stealing money fail fa IL fail
out of those three cat clips which one
didn't think was the most a pig was it
the dubstep puppet kitty cute the knock
knock who's there kitty win for a money
Steve kitty fail gotcha vote in the
comments do the like thing and share
this video with your cats I'm going to
leave you with one more for the road be
good to yourself
right here camera out out